Xello.Blue Terms of Service

    Introduction

Welcome to Xello.Blue, a file hosting service provided by XelloBlue. These Terms of Service ("Terms") govern your access to and use of the Xello.Blue website and services. By accessing or using the Xello.Blue website and services, you agree to be bound by these Terms and our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these Terms, you may not access or use the Xello.Blue website or services.

    Service Description

Xello.Blue allows users to upload, store, and share files. We reserve the right to change or discontinue any aspect or feature of the Xello.Blue website or services at any time without notice.

    User Conduct

You agree that you will not use the Xello.Blue website or services for any illegal or unauthorized purpose. You must not, in the use of the Xello.Blue website or services, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).

    Prohibited Content

You may not upload, store, or share any content that is illegal, defamatory, pornographic, or otherwise inappropriate. We reserve the right to remove any content that violates these terms without notice.

    Intellectual Property

You retain ownership of any intellectual property rights that you hold in the content that you upload to Xello.Blue. By uploading content to Xello.Blue, you grant XelloBlue a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable, and transferable license to use, copy, modify, distribute, and display the content in connection with the Xello.Blue website and services.

    Termination

We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Xello.Blue website or services at any time and for any reason, including, but not limited to, violation of these Terms.

    Disclaimer of Warranties

The Xello.Blue website and services are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. XelloBlue makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the Xello.Blue website or services.

    Limitation of Liability

In no event shall XelloBlue be liable for any damages whatsoever, including but not limited to any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, or punitive damages, arising out of or in connection with the use or inability to use the Xello.Blue website or services.

    Governing Law

These terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.

    Changes to the Terms

We reserve the right to make changes to these Terms at any time. Your continued use of the Xello.Blue website and services following any changes to these Terms will mean you accept those changes.

By using Xello.Blue, you agree to the above terms.